Last time
on "Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL"...
My name is Jinlon,
the guardian of the Number
here at Temple Draghos.
If you are able to defeat me
and my fearsome dragon,
I will hand over this
ruins' Number as your trophy.
But if you lose, I take
your dragon instead,
is that understood?
(together) Let's duel!
I build the Overlay Network
and Xyz Summon!
Number 46: Dragluon!
Look at that!
This must be the ruins' Number.
I summon a monster
more savage than a supernova!
Galaxy-Eyes
Photon Dragon!
This is the place...
The Mythyrian Number
must be up there.
(Jinlon)
This duel
is really a test.
You faced my wall of defense,
as you call it,
and brought it down!
You played a good duel,
but playtime is over!
(laughs)
♪ ♪
♪ Still together as one ♪
♪ 'Cause divided we're none ♪
♪ Ready to go
we feel the flow ♪
♪ So don't stand in our way ♪
♪ You know we ain't afraid ♪
♪ This is our time
we're in control ♪
♪ If I trip up today ♪
♪ Just wipe it away ♪
♪ All of my fears
are gone erased ♪
♪ Let us tear down the walls ♪
♪ 'Til the final night falls ♪
♪ The bonds of our souls
can't be replaced ♪
♪ Let us fight together ♪
♪ Regret it never ♪
♪ Our dreams will be ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪
♪ Our light comes
shining through ♪
♪ Reach down deep ♪
♪ Beat defeat ♪
♪ Do all that we can do ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪
♪ We've got nothing to lose ♪
♪ Keep breathing ♪
♪ Believing ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪
Kite's in bad shape.
Jinlon's monster has way more
attack points than his!
Yes, and even if he somehow
destroyed Soul Drain Dragon,
Kite would get hit with half
of its attack points as damage,
meaning Kite would
lose instantly.
There's nothing he can do.
He's done for!
So Kite, tell me.
How do you plan to escape
this predicament
you find yourself in?
Go ahead and attack me
to find out.
(laughs)
Unfortunately I cannot.
Soul Drain Dragon won't
attack on the turn
in which it's summoned.
Now it's your move.
Come now, Kite.
I'm eager to see
what you do next.
You stall like a chick
scared to leave its nest!
Make your move!
What's your hurry?
Don't you know the sooner I go,
the quicker you'll lose?
Are you sure?
This is but one of many
challenges ahead in your test,
a test you must pass
to keep your dragon.
So far, you are doing well,
but this next challenge
may change all of that.
(chuckles)
Just think,
whether you pass or fail
your test all may be riding
on this next move.
No pressure or anything.
I've had it with your test.
It's my turn to school you!
I draw!
You can do it, Kite!
You may be right,
but he will have to make
just the right choice on
his turn or he will lose.
Well Kite, are you ready
to make your move?
Yes, but you won't like it!
I activate the spell
Desperate Maneuver!
Now when I pay
800 life points...
Your monster's original attack
points are cut in half.
So that means
Soul Drain Dragon loses
2,000 attack points!
But hang on,
that's not all you lose!
See, since I lost
800 life points,
your Soul Drain Dragon
is going to lose
another 800 attack points!
But Kite,
My Soul Drain Dragon still
has 5,200 attack points.
You are no match for me!
Well maybe not just yet,
but my turn isn't over!
I activate the spell
Dragonic Divine!
When there's a Level 8-or-above
Dragon on my field,
by paying 1,000 life points,
I can bring back a spell
card that I used this turn.
So...
Desperate Maneuver
returns to my hand.
And since I lost
more life points,
Soul Drain Dragon's attack
points keep on dropping!
Kite seems to be
steadily taking away
his opponent's monster's
attack points!
Yeah, but it's risky!
He has to give up life points
to lower Soul Drain Dragon's
attack points!
Uh-oh...
I don't like the direction
this duel is taking.
Now I activate my spell card
Desperate Maneuver again!
I'll pay 800 life points.
So your Soul Drain Dragon says
"adios" to 1,000 attack points!
And it doesn't stop here...
You lose another
800 attack points!
Whoa, now
Kite's Galaxy-Eyes
is more powerful
than Soul Drain Dragon!
And now go,
Galaxy-Eyes!
Attack Soul Drain Dragon with
Photon Stream of Destruction!
Hey, show an old man
some mercy!
You got this now, Kite!
No, not quite.
Do not be like a pompous
mother hen
who counts her chicks
before they are hatched.
You may have struck
a blow against me,
but my loss is also my gain!
You see, when Soul Drain
Dragon is destroyed,
you take half
its attack points as damage.
(shouting)
Oh, no, Kite!
Uh oh he only has 200
life points left!
I totally saw this coming.
Really?
That's right.
Kite had to lose many life
points so he could survive,
but at last he still
has life points.
Wait, hold on!
You mean I was the only one
who didn't figure this out?
It is quite common.
You are typically
the last one to catch on.
Oh, yeah?
Well I know something
that you don't!
Which is?
That Kite's going to be
the one to win this duel!
I hope you are correct.
But with merely 200
life points remaining,
Kite's victory is unlikely.
With only 200 life points left,
Kite's victory is highly
unlikely.
(laughing)
What will you do next?
My Dragluon reappears since you
destroyed my Soul Drain Dragon.
And like a nearsighted fox
caught in a hen house,
there is no way to escape!
(dragon roaring)
I'd say you're wrong!
Let me show you why...
with the trap
Destruction Reward!
When one of your monsters
is beaten,
if it was at Level 7 or higher,
this card lets me
draw two cards.
Your Soul Drain Dragon
was a Level 8, so now
I get to add
two cards to my hand!
I place two cards face down
and end my turn.
I must say, Kite,
it was very impressive
that you defeated my dragon!
However the next challenge
in your test
will be far more difficult!
My turn!
I draw!
I activate my Dragluon's
special ability!
Now I would hate
for you to get lonely,
but when Dragluon
has no Overlay Units
and is the only Dragon
on my field,
I can take a Dragon
from your field.
Ahh!
Needless to say, I'll be
stealing your Galaxy-Eyes!
The next challenge in
your test is tough,
so here's a hint.
If you do not want me to take
your Galaxy Eyes,
you can pay half your life
points and destroy it instead!
What will you do?
You're losing your precious
Galaxy Eyes either way!
♪ ♪
There is something
very strange about this place.
I have never been here, yet
it feels oddly familiar.
But why?
What am I feeling?
So have you decided?
Will you hand over your
Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon to me?
Or will you choose to destroy
the monster yourself.
The choice is yours.
It's not a choice at all.
Because, you see, the bond
between me and Galaxy-Eyes
is stronger than you
could ever know!
Without me,
Galaxy-Eyes is nothing.
And without Galaxy-Eyes,
then I am nothing.
There's no way I'll
ever hurt my Galaxy-Eyes,
no matter what corner
you back me into!
Huh, suit yourself.
In that case I'll take
your dragon!
Do it, Dragluon!
But how will Kite get by
without his best monster?
Perhaps it's best if you are
defeated by your dragon,
seeing as you
and your monster are so close!
Now Galaxy-Eyes, attack
Kite directly!
Not good!
I fear this is the end!
It's attacking!
Not for long.
I activate
the trap Destiny Break!
When your monster attacks me,
I get to draw a card!
And if it's a monster card,
it stops your attack.
I drew the card I needed,
The monster Galaxy Knight!
You must be having
test-takers luck.
That wasn't luck,
it was destiny.
What do you mean?
That by believing in my deck
I am sure to draw
just the cards I need.
That's why I'm a dueling champ,
and you're a dueling chump!
Oh, really?
If you are so great,
let's see how you fare
against my Dragluon's
remaining attack!
Get ready to feel the heat!
Attack Kite directly!
Divine Fire Attack!
Not so fast!
I activate Destiny
Break's effect again!
Ugh!
Which means I need
to draw another monster.
What do you know,
a second Galaxy Knight!
Know what that means?
Dragluon's attack is negated!
This can't be!
There's more, Destiny Break's
other effect activates.
Now, after our
battle, I get to summon
the monsters that
this card let me draw!
So say hello to my two Galaxy
Knights flying onto the field!
Now I place one card face down
and then end my turn!
Whoa, did you see
that move, Astral?
Kite survived Jinlon's attack!
That may be, but he will have to
do much more than that to win.
This is the beginning
of your end!
I draw!
Hm.
Mm?
Now I activate the card
Destiny Overlay!
This spell lets me use
a monster on your field
to Xyz Summon together
with one of my own monsters.
What did you say?
I overlay my two Level 8
Galaxy Knights
and the Galaxy-Eyes
that's on your field!
With these three monsters,
I build the Overlay Network
and Xyz Summon!
Now prepare to witness
the mightiest of monsters!
With the power of this beast,
the battle is over!
Say hello to Neo Galaxy-Eyes
Photon Dragon!
(dragon roars)
I really hope Yuma and
the other guys are okay.
Me too.
'Cause whatever's
going on up there
doesn't sound or look too good.
♪ ♪
(dragon roars)
You didn't expect me to summon
Neo Galaxy-Eyes, did you?
No, using the dragon
I took from you
and evolving it to duel against
me was well played indeed.
And with its special ability,
it'll become even more powerful!
Untrue.
Your floating friend is right.
Dragluon negates your
Galaxy Eyes' special abilities.
I hope you weren't counting
on them to beat me, Kite.
Neo Galaxy-Eyes doesn't
have enough attack points
to finish off Jinlon this turn.
And that means Jinlon can use
Dragluon's special
ability next turn
to steal Neo Galaxy Eyes.
So if Kite doesn't
win this turn,
he loses the duel
and his dragon!
Relax!
Just sit back
and enjoy the show.
But Kite, you gotta win now!
There's no stopping me,
his Dragluon is ours.
(gasps)
Not a chance!
You wish!
I activate Overlay
Sentinel's special ability!
By banishing it
from my graveyard,
your Dragluon loses
500 attack points
for every Overlay Unit on
Neo Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon!
My Neo Galaxy-Eyes
has three Overlay Units.
So your Dragluon loses
1500 attack points!
But I'm not through yet!
In fact I'm just
getting started.
I activate Overlay Booster's
special ability.
By banishing it
from my graveyard,
Neo Galaxy Eyes Photon Dragon
gains 500 attack points
for every Overlay Unit it has!
So Neo Galaxy-Eyes gets
1,500 extra attack points!
Wait to go, Kite!
And now, Neo Galaxy-Eyes
Photon Dragon,
attack Dragluon!
No, I think not.
I activate the trap
Dragon Dance!
By banishing two
Dragons from my graveyard,
your Neo Galaxy Eyes
Photon Dragon
loses attack points equal
to their combined attack points!
So I chose to banish my
Armed Protector Dragon
and my Soul Drain Dragon!
My two dragon's combined
attack points
are exactly the same
as your Neo Galaxy-Eyes'!
Oh no, Kite's dragon has
zero attack points now.
Meaning Kite's hurting bad!
That's right and I'll show
you just how right you are!
Dragluon, finish Neo
Galaxy-Eyes and this duel!
Your test is over!
I agree, you're about to lose!
But how?
By playing my next trap,
Galaxy Dragon Maelstrom!
With it, your trap no longer
works against my dragon.
No way!
Can it be?
Yes!
Did you think I wasn't
ready for your last move?
I saw it coming long ago.
Your strategies in this test
make one thing clear,
you've always got
a trick up your sleeve.
So I had a trap ready for
any of your surprises.
You're a quick learner.
Yeah, I know.
Now it's your turn
to learn all about
Ultimate Photon Stream
of Destruction!
Now Neo Galaxy Eyes, Ultimate
Photon Stream of Destruction!
(dragon roars)
(groaning)
(dinging)
All right, you beat
Jinlon, Kite!
(chuckling)
Well, congratulations, Kite.
You have passed
and won our duel!
I must know,
why did you test me?
The answer to that question
lies in the legend
of this temple.
Why, is it a story about Mizar?
(gasps)
Yes, but much more as well.
The story began
not far from here.
Long ago, there stood
a village.
The people lived
in peace and harmony,
for they were protected by
a noble and mighty dragon.
But it was not the lone
guardian of the village.
The great monster battled
alongside its closest friend,
a warrior named Mizar.
Together they made
a formidable defense.
But dark times were ahead.
A terrible flood
struck the land,
leaving only calamity
and sorrow in its wake
Soon a mysterious
shaman arrived
with a voice as hypnotic
as an evening dream,
he declared that the dragon
had caused the disaster.
The people were led astray
by the charlatan's lies
and turned on
their guardian, the dragon.
They marched against
the monster,
ready to destroy it for good.
Mizar knew in his heart
the dragon was not to blame.
He tried to convince the people,
but his pleas were not heard.
The people demanded
Mizar destroy the dragon.
To appease them, Mizar
betrayed his heart
and turned on his best friend,
and after a brutal battle,
the dragon was defeated.
Now without the dragon
to defend them,
the village
was ruthlessly attacked!
The Shaman was an imposter sent
by the village's enemies.
He turned Mizar
and the villagers
against the dragon.
So you see Kite, Mizar's legend
is the reason why I tested you.
I needed to see that you would
follow your heart, unlike Mizar.
He ignored his heart
and betrayed the noble dragon,
leading his village
to fall into ruin.
Silence, you fool!
(gasps)
No, it can't be!
Well, look who it is.
Mizar, it is you!
I sense it!
After all this time...
you're unchanged!
My form is different,
but you know who I am.
Enough, old man!
How dare you imply that I
was once a filthy human?
Hey, what's your problem?
Mizar!
You skipped out on our last
duel, and I want a rematch!
For once we agree.
Because the time has come
for you to fall
to my Galaxy-Eyes
Tachyyon Dragon!
(rumbling)
What is happening?
(gasping) Watch out!
Whoa! I'm not readyfor the scrap heap!
This place trembles
at my power.
Our duel must wait.
But this is not over!
Far from it.
Hey, where'd it go?
The ruins, they disappeared!
It looks like Jinlon
has vanished too.
Whoa, it's my dad's coin.
Fellow duelists!
There is more to my tale.
From afar,
the dragon looked down
upon the destroyed village
and wept.
It vowed never to let
such tragedy strike again.
And the name of that dragon
was Dragluon.
♪ ♪
But when I take human form,
I am known as Jinlon.
When duelists win a Mythyrian
Number, they gain great power.
Before granting it to you,
I needed to see
that you follow your heart.
And indeed you do.
You have proven
yourself worthy.
And you have taught me so much.
I have one final lesson
to teach you.
Long ago, I bore witness
to an epic battle
between the forces
of good and evil.
The combat waged
fiercely for 100 days
and 100 nights.
Fire rained onto the ground
and lightning split the land
as the two forces collided.
Then, in the end,
vanished without a trace.
Yes, I remember now.
I have battled against
the Barians before.
Kite, I entrust you
with this Number.
Foolish battles only lead
the world to destruction.
Learn from the past so you
are not doomed to repeat it.
At long last, the moment
has finally arrived.
I know my true purpose.
I have to carry out a mission
to destroy Barian World.